Add some hidden hint to contributers in the pull request template (#7384)
sulu/sulu: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Create a documentation PR
- [ ] Add breaking changes to UPGRADE.md

<!--

> Dear Contributers,
> 
> Thank you already for contributing to the Sulu ecosystem.  
> Please join our Slack channel: https://sulu.io/services/support#chat
> and feel free there to ask for any help with your pull request.
> 
> Best Regards,
> Sulu Core Team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dear Contributors,

Thank you for contributing to the Sulu ecosystem!

We appreciate your effort to improve our project.
If you need assistance or have questions about your pull request, our team is here to help. 
Please join our Slack channel for support: https://sulu.io/services/support#chat.

Best Regards, 
the Sulu Core Team
```

- [ ] Create a documentation PR
- [ ] Add breaking changes to UPGRADE.md

<!--

Dear Contributors,

Thank you for contributing to the Sulu ecosystem!

We appreciate your effort to improve our project.
If you need assistance or have questions about your pull request, our team is here to help. 
Please join our Slack channel for support: https://sulu.io/services/support#chat.

Best Regards, 

> the Sulu Core Team

Author: ```suggestion
We appreciate your effort to improve our project.  
If you need assistance or have questions about your pull request, our team is here to help.  
Please join our Slack channel for support: https://sulu.io/services/support#chat.

Best Regards, 
The Sulu Core Team
```

@Prokyonn would then go with `The` instead of `the`.
